My name is Nisar Ahmed

Gamer & wannabe film maker learning AI in Vizag

I enjoy talking about stuff as if I'm on a TED Talk. I like Shashi Tharoor.

I've completed my first language ‘C’ when I was 13 years old, Python when I was 16.

I can read & write Arabic & Hindi, but can only speak English & Hindi fluently. I can somewhat speak in Telugu.

I love watching movies,TV series & Anime. I absolutely love Christopher Nolan & Hans Zimmer and if asked I'll talk about how masterpiece of a film, they make for an eternity.

Studying first year bachelors in A.I at VIIT.

Rubik's cube personal best 3x3 31.23 seconds, 2x2 1.65 seconds.

I have achieved Brown belt second degree in Karate when I was 15 and stopped learning karate since then.

I love to listen to music. Let it be from Rap to Kpop. I believe iKON is the best Kpop band; I love vibing to rap music and Hans zimmer soundtracks.I one day hope to make a rap music video myself.

I love editing photos and videos. When I was 15 years old, I completed my Photoshop course. I can both colour grade and Photoshop images. I self taught myself how to use Premiere Pro and After effects. I have edited several videos and also learnt how to implement 3d objects in a video using motion tracker in AE. In a nutshell, I can edit photos and videos, but not professionally, just the basics.

I love playing video games. I've been playing PC games since I was 7. My favourite game at that age was definitely Need for speed most wanted. The game I invested most of my time in is Rocket League. It's a game that's very special to me. Both the game and people I've met on my journey are very outstanding. Whenever I'm bored with rocket league, I used to play shooters like Apex, CS: GO & Valorant. A few memorable games I've played would be GTA 5, San Andreas, Minecraft, Total Overdose, watchdog, assassin's creed black flag etc in a nutshell games helped me pass my time and relive my stress all the way from primary school to High school. Infact I still sometimes play Rocket League or Valorant once in a while during my college.

My dream job would be to work as Machine Learning engineer in boston dynamics.